Updated the QuickStart-JSON documentation with new BioDrop images (#9714)
EddieHubCommunity/BioDrop: pages/docs/quickstart-json.mdx

14. Click `Create pull request`
15. The description will be filled with a template, please fill in the appropriate sections

![create pull request](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/BioDrop/assets/23141638/2835ed3c-c305-404d-8294-8bde72a937f2)

16. Click `Create pull request`

17. Now you need to wait to have your Pull Request (changes) reviewed

![pull request](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/BioDrop/assets/624760/806b369d-4e8f-442b-be35-802a71afaed8)

An approving review from one of BioDrop's maintainers will show a green check mark next to their id.

![maintainer review](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35927536/217060602-ba3678d1-f655-4805-a47d-e40f1ddcd59f.png)

18. You will receive a GitHub notification when you have a comment, review, or your Pull Request has been merged
19. Once merged, your profile will be available a few minutes later, with your custom BioDrop URL. Example: (<Link href="https://biodrop.io/SaraJaoude">BioDrop.io/SaraJaoude</Link>)

> ![merged pull request](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/82668196/208292199-e7a01541-5356-4b2f-8b3e-94be121c661f.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

14. Click `Create pull request`
15. The description will be filled with a template, please fill in the appropriate sections

![create pull request](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/BioDrop/assets/23141638/2835ed3c-c305-404d-8294-8bde72a937f2)

16. Click `Create pull request`

17. Now you need to wait to have your Pull Request (changes) reviewed

![pull request](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/BioDrop/assets/624760/806b369d-4e8f-442b-be35-802a71afaed8)

An approving review from one of BioDrop's maintainers will show a green check mark next to their id.

![maintainer review](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35927536/217060602-ba3678d1-f655-4805-a47d-e40f1ddcd59f.png)

18. You will receive a GitHub notification when you have a comment, review, or your Pull Request has been merged

> 19. Once merged, your profile will be available a few minutes later, with your custom BioDrop URL. Example: (<Link href="https://biodrop.io/SaraJaoude">BioDrop.io/SaraJaoude</Link>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
19. Once merged, your profile will be available a few minutes later, with your custom BioDrop URL <Link href="https://biodrop.io/eddiejaoude">BioDrop.io/eddiejaoude </Link>
```
